# Slides Resources

<br/>

## Table Of Contents

- [Summary](#Summary)
- [Markdown Files](#Markdown-Files)
  - [slides.md](#slides)
  - [slides_end_of_session.md](#slides_end_of_session)
  - [slides_header.md](#slides_header)
- [Elixir_Background.png](#Elixir_Background)
  
<br/>

## Summary

This is a guide for anyone who wants to understand or edit these files.

<br/>

## Markdown Files

<br/>

### slides

This is the file that contains the final slides content.
When using HackMD and pulling from GitHub to generate the slides, pull this file as is.

<br/>

### slides_end_of_session

This file contains a simple section saying 'End Of Session', which is automatically added after the last slide from each session.

<br/>

### slides_header

This file contains two sections:

- A YAML header.
- An HTML/CSS <style> section.

<br/>

The YAML header carries information regarding:

- The title of the HTML document that will be generated by HackMD (this will be reflected on the tab title of the slides page that opens on your web browser).
- The theme of the slides (which mostly affects the background color). Do note that, if there is a background image, it will sit on top of the original background.

<br/>

The HTML/CSS <style> section carries information regarding:
  
- The font size of the whole slide presentation.
- The background for the whole slide presentation. In this case, it features an address that is recognised by HackMD as a reference to an image, which happens to be a white background with an **Elixir** logo on the bottom left. The background is set to cover each slide entorely.

### Elixir_Background

This is the background for the slides. This file is not really used by any script. It is simply stored in this folder as a reference. Integrating it into the slide presentation entails:

1. Adding it first as an image file on HackMD.
2. Copying the address that is generated.
3. Pasting the address into the slides_header.md file, at the right location (within the url() tag). 
